Update README.md with port configuration and recommended baud rate ex… (#106)
zigpy/zigpy-xbee: README.md

- Digi XBee Series 2 (S2) modules. Note: These will need to be manually flashed with the Zigbee Coordinator API firmware via XCTU.
- Digi XBee Series 3 (xbee3-24) modules

# Port configuration

- To configure __usb__ port path for your XBee serial device, just specify the TTY (serial com) port, example : `/dev/ttyACM0`

> Note! Users can change UART baud rate of your Digi XBee using the Digi's XCTU configuration tool.
> 
> Developers should note that Digi has different baud rate recommeations for UART interface of different XBee chips series.
> - Digi XBee Series 3 Zigbee modules has UART baud rate set to 115200 by default.
> - Newer Digi XBee Series 2 chips (like for example Digi XBee S2C) the default UART baud rate should be 57600.
> - Older Digi XBee Series 2 chips (like for example Digi XStick USB Adapter XU-Z11) the default UART baud rate might be 9600.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note! Users can change UART baud rate of your Digi XBee using the Digi's XCTU configuration tool. Using XCTU tool 
enable the API communication mode -- `ATAP2`, set baudrate to 57600 -- `ATBD6`, save parameters.
```
